// A tribute to one of the greatest comedians to have ever lived (in my
// opinion) with most of his best material, which has of course been cleaned up
// up to keep the G-rated theme of Chex Quest. RIP Mitch Hedberg.

[IntroStrings]
"Hey, man!"

[RoamingStrings]
"Hey man, I would imagine that the inside of a bottle of cleaning fluid is REALLY clean."
"I've got an idea for sweatshops: air conditioning! Problem solved!"
"I have a vest. If I had no arms, it'd be a jacket."
"I find that ducks' opinion of me is very much influenced over whether or not I have bread."
"A fly was very close to being called a 'land', 'cause it does that half the time."
"I want to have cinnamon roll incense, so that my roommates can wake up with false hopes."
"Imagine if the Headless Horseman had a headless horse. That'd be total chaos."
"Lost in the woods? Just build a house! You have severely improved your predicament."
"You know that show called 'My Three Sons'? It'd be funny if it were called 'My One Dad'."
"I remixed a remix, and it was back to normal."
"I like rice, man. Rice is a great snack if you're hungry and want two thousand of something."
"I would imagine if you could understand morse code, a tap dancer would drive you crazy."
"I'd like to go fishing and catch a fish stick. That would be convenient."
"I stopped wearing glasses, because when you talk to people, it's like they're outside a window."
"I'd like to see a forklift lift a crate of forks. That'd be so literal, man!"
"My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them."
"I want to get a job naming kitchen appliances."
"I went to this doctor and he just took blood from my neck. Don't go see Dr. Acula."
"I don't wanna have my face on the front of a Wheaties box."
"I used to play golf. I never got a hole-in-one, but I did hit a guy."
"If you are flammable and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit."
"I want to make a vending machine that sells vending machines."
"I got my hair highlighted because some strands are more important than others."
"I opened a yogurt and it said 'please try again'. I thought I'd opened it wrong."
"I tried to walk into Target, but I missed. I told the attendant I was just practicing."
"I saw a guy juggling chainsaws the other day. It was cool but kind of unnecessary."
"When I was a boy, I laid in my twin-sized bed wondering where my brother was."
"Two-in-one is a stupid term. Two is not big enough to hold one, that's why two was created."
"It's dangerous to wave to people you don't know. What if they don't have an arm?"
"It would be awesome if Spider Man shot hammocks instead of nets."
"A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef."
"I like refried beans, but I want to try fried beans, 'cause maybe they're just as good and we're wasting time."
"I can't tell you what hotel I'm staying at... but there are two trees involved."
"I had an ant farm once. Them fellas didn't grow anything!"
"I had one anchovy. That's why I didn't have two anchovies."
"I'm sick of soup of the day! It's time we decide what soup from now on is!"
"I never had a piggy bank, but one time I had some bacon that tasted a lot like change."
"This jacket is dry-clean only. That means it's dirty."
"I think Bigfoot is naturally blurry, that's the problem."
"I bought a two bedroom house, but isn't it up to me how many bedrooms there are?"
"I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it."
"Hey, you know what keeps me from acting? Auditions."
"I think Pringles' original intention was to make tennis balls."
"I like escalators, because an escalator can never break--it can only become stairs."
"I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one, so I got a cake instead."
"As a kid, I used to jump on beds, but as an adult, I don't sleep on trampolines."
"Last year a reality TV show got 40,000 applications. That's amazing--such an even number."
"My hotel is haunted. I saw a sheet lying on the floor, and it looked like a ghost passed out."
"Every book is a children's book if the kid can read."
"I put fruit on top of my waffles because I want something to brush off."
"I think foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs."
"I don't have a microwave oven, but I do have a clock that occasionally cooks stuff."
"I was gonna have my teeth whitened, but I thought, forget it, I'll get a tan instead."
"I collect stamps. The easiest way to collect stamps is to not mail stuff."
"I got a jump rope. It's just a rope, man--you gotta make the jump thing happen."
"I saw a kid excited because his kite was flying. I don't know why, it's what they're supposed to do."
"I wrote a script, but my editor told me to rewrite it. I said, 'Forget that, I'll just make a copy!'"

[RareRoamingStrings]
"I wish they made fajita cologne, because that stuff smells GOOD!"
"I had a paper route is a kid. I had to go to two-thousand houses... or two dumpsters."
"I can't imagine a scenario where I'd have to prove I bought a donut."
"I order the club sandwich all the time, which is amazing, 'cause I'm not even a member."
"I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just gonna ask 'em where they're going, and hook up with 'em later."

[FragStrings]
"I'm an ice sculptor. Last night, I made a cube."
"I've got new balance shoes on, but they're old, so I might start falling."
"I bought a $7 pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of not caring."
"I can read minds, but it's pointless because I'm illiterate."

[KilledStrings]
"That was really dumb."
"That joke was only half-finished."
"I will rewrite that joke by throwing out all the words and adding new ones."

[LosingRoamingStrings]
"I wish all my clothes were made from blankets. That way if I fall asleep, I'm tucked in."

[EnragedStrings]
"Come on, laugh!"
"Y'all are a tough crowd!"

[DemoralizedStrings]
"You can't be like pancakes: all exciting at first, but at the end, you're sick of 'em."
"I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at a car's headlights and tell you exactly where it's going."
"I type 101 words a minute, but it's in my own language."
"I used to be a hot-tar roofer. Yeah. I remember that... day."
"Last time I called 'shotgun' we had rented a limo, so I messed up."
"The depressing thing about tennis is no matter how good I get, I'll never beat a wall."

[WinStrings]
"A fight to the finish is nice because a finish is a good place to end."

[LoseStrings]
"You can't please all the people all the time, and last night, all those people were at my show."
"I haven't slept for ten days... because that would be too long."