Cloud Spawner

Argument 1 controls the size of the area in which it spawns, times 2. 128 would make it a
256x256 square.

Argument 2 controls the vertical size of the area in which it spawns.

Argument 3 is the chance every 30 tics in which it spawns. The lower the number, the more
likely it will spawn, with 0 being always and 255 being never.

Argument 4 controls the size of the dust cloud spawned. 0 is smallest, 1 is small, 2 is
medium and 3 and up is large.



Rain Spawner

Place the RainDropSpawner on your map, and use values set on the specials tab to modify it

The first argument controls it's area. 128, for example makes it a 256x256 square or 256-radius
circle (See fourth argument)

The second argument controls it's frequency. The lower the number, the heavier the rainfall

The third argument controls whether or not it plays it's ambient sound. 0 will play the sound,
1 will not

The fourth argument controls the area type. 0 is a square, 1 is a circle


Snow Spawner

Place on map and use the first three arguments to control the intensity and area of the 
spawner.

First argument controls the size of the area. 128, for example, spawns in a 256x256 square ( 
or 256 diameter circle. See third argument).

Second argument controls the frequency of which it spawns snow. The lower the number, the more 
frequent (0 for always).

Third argument controls the type of area it spawns in. 0 is square, 1 is circle.


Sparkle Spawner

Place on map and use the first two arguments to control the intensity and area of the 
spawner. The original was a 64x64 square.


First argument controls the size of the area. 32, for example, spawns in a 64x64 square (or
64 diameter circle. See second argument).

Second argument controls the type of area it spawns in. 0 is square, 1 is circle.


It should be noted that pngs can't be translated like normal graphics. Because of this, if
you convert the SPFXA0 sprite to a png, the spawners will spawn white effects. Use Doom's
lmp format, instead.



Steam Spawner

Place on map and use the first four arguments to change behavior.

First argument controls direction. 0 is up, 1 is down, 2 is forward. For best results,
down-pointing spawners should be placed 2 or 3 map units below the ceiling.

Second argument chooses if it's a constant spawner, or spawns in bursts. Burst spawners use the
third argument and play a different sound.

Third argument controls the frequency of the bursts (divided by 16. I.e, 128 will end up as 8).
This is only used by the second argument.

Fourth argument silences the spawner. 0 will play the sound, 1 will not.




Line Spawner

Place on map and use the first two arguments to control the intensity and area of the 
spawner. The original was a 64x64 square.


First argument controls the size of the area. 32, for example, spawns in a 64x64 square (or
64 diameter circle. See second argument).

Second argument controls the type of area it spawns in. 0 is square, 1 is circle.


It should be noted that pngs can't be translated like normal graphics. Because of this, if
you convert the SPFXA0 sprite to a png, the spawners will spawn white effects. Use Doom's
lmp format, instead.
